feat: support passing dynamic key-value pairs in helm-template step (#3795)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/50-user-guide/60-reference-docs/30-promotion-steps/helm-template.md

| `skipTests` | `boolean` | N | Whether to skip tests when rendering the manifests. This is `false` by default. |
| `kubeVersion` | `string` | N | Optionally specifies a Kubernetes version to be assumed when rendering manifests. This is useful for charts that may contain logic specific to different Kubernetes versions. |
| `apiVersions` | `[]string` | N | Allows a manual set of supported API versions to be specified. |

> | `setValues` | `[]object` | N | Allows for manual set of values to be specified. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `setValues` | `[]object` | N | Allows for a manual set of values to be specified. |
```

Author: thanks!

> | `setValues` | `[]object` | N | Allows for a manual set of values to be specified. |
> | `setValues[].key` | `string` | N | The key to template within the chart. For nested values, use dots to delimit key parts. e.g. `image.tag`. |
> | `setValues[].value` | `string` | N | The new value for the key. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `setValues` | `[]object` | N | Allows for amending chart configuration inline as one would with the `helm template` command's `--set` flag. |
| `setValues[].key` | `string` | N | The key whose value should be set. For nested values, use dots to delimit key parts. e.g. `image.tag`. |
| `setValues[].value` | `string` | N | The new value for the key. |
```
